Now this is not a good point to mention to set up your project on track.
So once you put in your project you are all onto the click track search bar.
You'll be happy to see some really interesting graphs that they've created for you.
And one of these is the expected projection the blue parts of the curve.
Is your existing funding progress.
And then the purple part is the expected outcome for your project based on the data so far.
So they give you a highest amount projected and also a lowest amount.
And somewhere between that window is where you're going to hit at the end of your campaign so you can
be really interesting to track during the middle campaign sometimes you have maybe a burst of activity
and that can dramatically change the expected projections.
You can see if some of the things that you're doing to drive traffic to increase conversions is actually
helping by looking at the projection.
Now another graph they create on the same vein is the expected trend.
So this is where they're looking at how many people are pledging and how much are they pledging.
And it almost asymptotically reaches towards a trending amount that your project is going to end up
raising.
And again it's really useful for tracking your campaign while it's running.